video - 1 :
-------------
Q.1)What is git?

Ans:- 
  Git is a distributed  version control system.

 Inotherwords It is a system that records  changes to our files over time.
 We  can recally specific versions of those files at any given time.
 Many people can easily  collaborate on a project and have their own versions of project files on their computer.
 
Q.2)What does git allow to do?

Ans: -It stores revisions in a project history in a directory.
     It rewinds any revision in the project I wanted to.
	  It works on new features without messing up the main codebase.
	  It permits to easily collaborate with other programmers.

Q.3)What are the main advantages of github?

Ans:  It is an online service that hosts our projects.
      Share our codes with other developers.
	  Developers can download the project and work on them.
	  They can reupload their edits and merge them with the main codebase.
	  
Q.4) What is the basic difference between git and github ?

Ans:- Git is a revision control system, a tool to manage your source code history.

      GitHub is a hosting service for Git repositories.

      They are not the same thing.
	  
	  Git is the tool, GitHub is the service for projects that use Git.	  
	  
video : -2 
------------
 All about git installation and commands.
 
video: -3
------------
Q1) What is called Repository?

Ans:- A repository is a container for a project you want to track with Git.(e.g. a website project).

Q2) What does a commit mean?
Ans: - A commit, or "revision", is an individual change to a file (or set of files). 
      It's like when you save a file, except with Git, every time you save it creates a unique ID (a.k.a. the "SHA" or "hash") that allows you to keep record of what changes were made when and by who. 
	  Commits usually contain a commit message which is a brief description of what changes were made.
Q3) What are the three stages of commit?

Ans: The three stages of commit are modified, staging and commited.
    modified means changed the files but not commited.
	The staging area is a container where git collects all changes which will be part of the next commit. ... The next git commit will transfer all items from staging are into your repository.
	Any files in the staging area are added to the commit when we make one.
	
video :-4
----------
commands

video : -5
-----------
Q1) How can I know a file is commited or not?
Ans: 
  If we will see any file under a project  having green color that means it is modified but not commited yet.

Q2) Using command how can a person know which files are changed and will be commited?


 Ans:- When we will give the command git status it will show the files in red color that means it has changed.
 
video :- 6
-----------
commands 

Video : -7 
-----------
Q1) What does checkout commit mean?

Ans:- 
     This is an update to the "Commit History" tree. The git checkout command can be used in a commit, or file level scope. 
	 A file level checkout will change the file's contents to those of the specific commit.
	 git checkout <commit> is the basic mechanism for moving around in the commit tree, moving your focus (HEAD) to the specified commit.
	 To "check out" means that you take any given commit from the repository and re-create the state of the associated file and directory tree in the working directory.
	 
Q2) What does revert commit mean? 
   
Ans: - 
   A revert is an operation that takes a specified commit and creates a new commit which inverses the specified commit. 
   git revert can only be run at a commit level scope and has no file level functionality.   

Q3) What does reset commit mean?

Ans:-
  On the commit-level, resetting is a way to move the tip of a branch to a different commit.
  This can be used to remove commits from the current branch.
 
 
   